Launch of the VA Facilities API version v1 include:
- Full integration of health services data. 
  - The new version of this API includes 100+ available health services. The longer list also includes more robust data, such as where, when, and how to access the health services.
- Better API responses and functionality.
  - Added parent facility details.
  - New service specific data is available from the addition of two new service endpoints.
    - Bulk service endpoint /facilities/{facilityId}/services/{serviceId} to retrieve all services and their details associated with a facility.
    - Single service endpoint /facilities/{facilityId}/services to return details for a single service by request.
  - Requests to the /facilities endpoint now have a maximum page size of 1000 records per request. Additional results for large queries can be obtained through the built in paging controls.
  - Expanded search terms allow for greater flexibility in filtering results. For example, it is possible to run a query showing all the health facilities without including more limiting parameters.
  - The new version presents data in a cleaner and more concise way by omitting nulls and empty fields from the API results.
- Modified schema changes for the following fields:
  - opertionalHoursSpecialInstructions
  - service
  - detailed_services
  - waitTime
- Consolidation of tools.
  - We have removed the /nearby facility lookup by address feature while maintaining the more accurate lookup by lat/long feature.
  - We have removed the special case /all endpoint. You can now obtain all facility records by simply providing an empty search to the /facilities endpoint.
