We made changes to our [Benefits Claims API](https://developer.va.gov/explore/benefits/docs/claims?version=current) in order to better align the data this API returns with the data returned by the [Benefits Reference Data API](https://developer.va.gov/explore/benefits/docs/benefits_reference_data?version=current). These changes make it easier to use both APIs.

#### Changes to the POST /forms/526 endpoint

We updated the list of values in our enumeration for the serviceBranch field so they align with the /service-branches endpoint in the Benefits Reference Data API. 

* We now support Space Force as a service branch.

The following service branches are no longer valid and will be translated for backward compatibility:
* Air Force Civilian is now Other
* Army Air Corps is now Army Air Corps or Army Air Force
* Army Nurse Corps is now Army
* Commonwealth Army Veteran is now Other
* Guerrilla Combination Service is now Other
* Marine is now Marine Corps
* National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration is now National Oceanic & Atmospheric Administration
* Regular Philippine Scout is now Other
* Regular Scout Service is now Other
* Special Philippine Scout is now Other
* Unknown is now Other
* Woman Air Corps is now Other 

The changes for this endpoint apply to these request parameters:
* serviceInformation.servicePeriods.serviceBranch
* servicePay.militaryRetiredPay.payment.serviceBranch
* servicePay.separationPay.payment.serviceBranch

[The changes for this endpoint were made in PR #10161.](https://github.com/department-of-veterans-affairs/vets-api/pull/10161)

#### Changes to the POST /forms/2122 endpoint

We updated this endpoint to allow requests to include a new property, serviceBranchOther. When choosing OTHER as the service branch on this request, you can now include a string value to specify the service branch name. This value will be included on the 2122a form for establishing an individual as the Veteran's power of attorney (POA).

[The changes for this endpoint were made in PR #10182.](https://github.com/department-of-veterans-affairs/vets-api/pull/10182)