We added the new GET letter-contents/{letterType} endpoint to the VA Letter Generator API.  
This endpoint returns JSON-formatted text versions of letters a specified Veteran is eligible to receive.  
The JSON-formatted letter content can be used to deliver letters in formats other than PDF.

Learn more about this API by reviewing the [VA Letter Generator documentation](https://developer.va.gov/explore/verification/docs/va_letter_generator?version=current).

The version number for this release is 1.0.126

---

We added a new API to the developer portal called the **[VA Letter Generator API](https://developer.va.gov/explore/verification/docs/va_letter_generator?version=current)**.  
This API replaces the EVSS Letter Generator Service and offers many added benefits, including:

- Detailed error response bodies for error response codes
- Enhanced triage and production support, such as:
  * error responses with rich debugging payloads 
  * encrypted versions of the SOAP request/response
- The addition of a new letter, Commissary_Short_Term, which grants access to commissary facilities to a subset of Veterans
- Additional and improved HTTPS response codes for these endpoints:
  * GET /v1/eligible-letters
    + 200 - Success
    + 400 - Bad Request
    + 401 - Not Authorized
    + 403 - Forbidden
    + 404 - Not Found
    + 406 - Not Acceptable
    + 422 - Unprocessable Entity
    + 429 - Too Many Requests
    + 500 - Internal Server Error
  * GET /v1/letter-contents/{letterType}
    + 201 - Actual PDF File
    + 400 - Bad Request
    + 401 - Not Authorized
    + 403 - Forbidden
    + 404 - Not Found
    + 422 - Unprocessable Entity
    + 429 - Too Many Requests
    + 500 - Internal Server Error
    
**There are also some important differences between the VA Letter Generator API and the EVSS Letter Generator Service.**

- The API is now on developer.va.gov, therefore the URLs have changed:
  * Legacy URL: `https://www.ebenefits.va.gov:444/<servicename>/<endpointname>`. 
  * New URL: `https://api.va.gov/services/<servicename>/v1/<endpointname>`.
- The new API requires OAuth, so consumers will not need to pass PII. Instead, consumers will provide the ICN in each request using a query parameter. The API will pull additional Veteran details as needed.
    
- The GET /v1/eligible-letters endpoint defaults to include all letter options and replaces the following EVSS Letter Generator Service endpoints:
  * GET /letters/v1
  * GET /letters/v1/letterBeneficiary
    
- The GET /v1/letter-contents/{letterType} endpoint replaces the following EVSS Letter Generator Service endpoints:
  * GET /letters/v1/{letterType}
  * POST /letters/v1/{letterType}/generate
    
- The list of letters is now returned with the VA Profile Address instead of the corporate database address.
    
- We've limited the letterDestination fields to only those used on the PDFs.

- These fields were removed:
  * letterDestination.foreignCode
  * letterDestination.militaryPostOfficeTypeCode
  * letterDestination.militaryPostalTypecode
  
- These dateTime fields have been renamed to better reflect their data type:
  * militaryServices.releaseDate is now militaryServices.releasedDateTime
  * militaryServices.enteredDate is now militaryServices.enteredDateTime
  * benefitInformation.awardEffectiveDate is now benefitInformation.awardEffectiveDateTime
  * benefitInformation.chapter35EligibilityDate is now benefitInformation.chapter35EligibilityDateTime


As always, it's important to know that with the new version, you will need to support backward compatibility.  
You should:  
- Keep in mind that we may add new letters to this API. 
- We recommend you build your integration, so it can display newly added letters without breaking. 
- You could also build your integration to ignore newly added letters until it’s ready to display them.
- Be prepared to handle HTTP status codes not explicitly specified in endpoint definitions.
- Be tolerant of unknown fields in the payload and ignore the deserialization of new fields.
- Follow the redirect when the server returns an HTTP status code 301 (Moved Permanently).


The version number for this release is 1.0.126
