We added a new version (v2) of the Veteran Verification API to the developer portal, and the API has been renamed to the 'Veteran Service History and Eligibility API'.

The following enhancements and new features are available in v2:  

- All of the API's endpoints can now be accessed using either [Authorization Code Flow OAuth](https://developer.va.gov/explore/authorization/docs/authorization-code?api=veteran_verification) or [Client Credentials Grant (CCG) OAuth](https://developer.va.gov/explore/authorization/docs/client-credentials?api=veteran_verification).   

- There are two versions of each endpoint: a GET when an ICN is provided and a POST when demographic details will be used to match a Veteran.   

- The disability_rating endpoint now includes the diagnostic code and name associated with each individual rating.

- The service_history endpoint now includes additional information. A service episode's component_of_service identifies unique sub-categories within a main branch of service, such as "Reserves." In the prior version (Veteran Verification, v1), the branch_of_service is consistently a main branch (e.g., Army, Navy...) with no sub-category values such as "Reserves." Adding this distinct field reveals when a Veteran was in the Reserves for their branch of military service.  

- A new military summary section includes information pulled from all service episodes, such as:

    - An indicator of whether the person is currently on active duty.

    - An indicator of whether the person ever served in combat duty.

    - The total number of Regular Active Duty Days, Reserve Active Duty Days, Guard Active Duty Days, and Training Days. 

- The new flashes endpoint shares an attribute on a Veteran's profile that describes special circumstances which can apply to a Veteran. Flashes can aid in properly routing or expediting certain claims or determining eligibility for some VA benefits. This endpoint currently shares only a limited subset of the available flashes that can be assigned to Veterans. If you have a use case that would benefit from additional flashes being added to this endpoint, please [contact us](https://developer.va.gov/support/contact-us) with the details. 

- The new enrolled_benefits endpoint shares the codes and names of benefits a Veteran is enrolled in.

- Changes have been made to follow current standards, such as improvements to error details and HTTPS response codes used.

As always, it's important to know that the new version must support backward compatibility. It should:

- Be prepared to handle HTTP status codes not explicitly specified in endpoint definitions.

- Be tolerant of unknown fields in the payload and ignore the deserialization of new fields.

- Follow the redirect when the server returns an HTTP status code 301 (Moved Permanently).

- Review the [API documentation](https://developer.va.gov/explore/verification/docs/veteran_verification?version=current) to learn more about the new version of this API.
