We added a new API to the developer portal. This API was previously the EVSS Data Reference Service. It allows consumers to look up the following data for use with benefits claims:

- Contention types
- Countries
- Disabilities
- Intake sites
- Military pay types
- Service branches
- Special circumstances
- States
- VA medical treatment facilities

This API will return only the data that can be used for benefits claims. For example, this API may return only a subset of states or countries that apply to benefits claims.

There are some important differences between this API and the service it replaces:

- The new service requires an API key. [Obtain one through this onboarding process](https://developer.va.gov/onboarding).
- There are some stylistic changes to each endpoints’ response format:
    * Contention Types
      + "contentionTypes" array renamed to "items"
    * Countries
      + "countries" array renamed to "items"
    * Disabilities
      + "disability" array renamed to "items"
      + "classificationCode" renamed to "id"
      + "id" is type long
      + "endDate" renamed to "endDateTime"
      + "endDateTime" reported in YYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SSZ format
      + "endDateTime" always included, even if null
    * Intake Sites
      + "intakeSites" array renamed to "items"
      + "code" renamed to "id"
      + "id" is type long
    * Military Pay Types
      + "militaryPayTypes" array renamed to "items"
    * Service Branches
      + "serviceBranches" array renamed to "items"
    * Special Circumstances
      + "specialCircumstances" array renamed to "items"
    * States
      + "states" array renamed to "items"
    * Treatment Centers
      + "facilities" array renamed to "items"


- Responses are in JSON instead of HTML.
- Minor improvements to HTTPS Response Codes. (i.e. treatment centers invalid state was 200 and is now 400, new 429 rate limit errors, unauthorized 401, refer to [API specification](https://developer.va.gov/explore/benefits/docs/benefits_reference_data?version=current) for complete information).
- For the treatment center endpoint, the optional “stateCode” query parameter must now be 2 capital letters, otherwise a 400 response is returned. Previously, a 200 with a blank array was returned.
- Optional pagination is supported (new fields were added to in the responses even if the optional pagination parameters are not used for certain end points).
- URLs for the services are changed. The legacy production URLs are https://www.ebenefits.va.gov:444/wss-referencedata-services-web/rest/referencedata/v1/`<endpoint name>` and the new production URLs are: https://api.va.gov/services/benefits-reference-data/v1/`<endpoint name>`.


It's important to know that with the new version, you will need to support backward compatibility. You should:
- Be prepared to handle HTTP status codes not explicitly specified in endpoint definitions.
- Be tolerant with unknown fields in the payload, ignore deserialization of new fields, but do not eliminate them from the payload if needed for subsequent PUT requests.
- Follow the redirect when the server returns HTTP status code 301 (Moved Permanently).


Learn more about this API by reviewing the [Benefits Reference Data API documentation](/explore/benefits/docs/benefits_reference_data).

For cross-reference purposes, the PR for this release is [#4015](https://tools.health.dev-developer.va.gov/jenkins/job/department-of-veterans-affairs/job/health-apis-deployer/job/d2/4015/).